README.md, before:

# primordium-dao-subgraph
Subgraph for the PrimordiumDAO smart contracts.

## Setup
This project uses pnpm for managing packages.
```bash
pnpm install
```

To generate the subgraph ABI schemas:
```bash
pnpm codegen
```

The subgraph manifest can be generated using the mustache template file `subgraph.template.yaml` and a network config JSON file from the [`./config`](./config) directory. Use the `prepare:[network]` script for the network to generate the manifest for.

## Run Locally

To run locally:
1. Start an anvil instance at port 8545 and deploy the contracts
2. Start the graph node locally using docker:

    ```bash
    docker-compose up
    ```

3. Deploy the anvil subgraph template to the graph node (the below command includes `pnpm prepare:anvil` to create the proper subgraph.yaml manifest and `pnpm create:local` to create the subgraph on the local Graph Node prior to deploying):

    ```bash
    pnpm deploy:local
    ```

More info on local deployment [here](https://thegraph.academy/developers/local-development/).

Commit message:

added graph-node script to run locally with docker

README.md, after:

# primordium-dao-subgraph
Subgraph for the PrimordiumDAO smart contracts.

## Setup
This project uses pnpm for managing packages.
```bash
pnpm install
```

To generate the subgraph ABI schemas:
```bash
pnpm codegen
```

The subgraph manifest can be generated using the mustache template file `subgraph.template.yaml` and a network config JSON file from the [`./config`](./config) directory. Use the `prepare:[network]` script for the network to generate the manifest for.

## Run Locally

To run locally:
1. Start an anvil instance at port 8545 and deploy the contracts
2. Start the graph node locally using docker:

    ```bash
    pnpm graph-node
    ```

3. Deploy the anvil subgraph template to the graph node (the below command creates the proper subgraph.yaml manifest with the mustache template and additionally creates the subgraph on the local Graph Node prior to deploying):

    ```bash
    pnpm deploy:local
    ```

More info on local deployment [here](https://thegraph.academy/developers/local-development/).
